Rewrite usage, add multicore usage (#1938)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/zonation.md

## Usage

Zonation is available in the __zonation__ module:

```
module load zonation
z5 <command arguments>
```

> Zonation can be used in Puhti with commandline or graphical interface, as interactive job or with batch system. In any case reserve suitable amount of computing resources: cores and memory. Zonation 5 runs faster, if it can use several cores. In Puhti, it can use one node, which is max 40 cores.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zonation can be used in Puhti with command-line or graphical interface, as interactive job or with batch system. In any case reserve suitable amount of computing resources: cores and memory. Zonation 5 runs faster, if it can use several cores. In Puhti, it can use one node, which is max 40 cores.  
```

Before starting Zonation, move your data to your project's __scratch__ folder. For testing, [zonation5-tutorial data](https://github.com/zonationteam/Zonation5/releases/download/v1.0/manual_and_example_setups.zip) can be used.

### Zonation with Graphical User Interface

> Zonation Graphicl User Interface (GUI) can be started in Puhti web interface :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zonation Graphical User Interface (GUI) can be started in Puhti web interface:
```
